hi everyone this is dave from geek
annoyed and this is my review of the
kudos sound frame which is a portable
speaker dock for both the iphone and
ipod touch now please do keep watching
because this is a nice little speaker
with a few really unique features let's
have a look what we get inside the box
via carry case which contains the
speaker itself and then in these corners
of the box we get some different plug
adapters for various countries so we've
got one here or using in international
countries I think that was probably
China and then one in this corner I can
just get these out this one here or
using in America and then in this corner
we should have a European one for using
in places like France Germany etc well
I'm going to use the UK 1 this is 1 i've
been using my tests and let's show you
what you get inside this carry case so
we're going to do the front zip and that
gives us access to the speaker itself
that might not look very much it will
give you a closer look at this in a
minute and see exactly what this
delivers to you and then in the back
portion of the case we've got room for
an adapter that country-specific plug
goes on here USB cable in here we've
also got some adapters for various iPods
to fit into the device we've also got
that USB cable for connecting between
the charger wall socket and all your
computer got a nice little remote
control and then we've got a
three-and-a-half millimeter stereo audio
cable so you can use it with other mp3
players as well if you don't own an iPod
you can still plug them into the speaker
so let's pull these pits to one side and
we'll get the speaker up and running and
show you what the sound frame actually
has to offer so what makes the sound
frame a little bit different from other
speakers is it actually charges
synchronizes and plays back your music
or videos all at the same time now it
does have a rechargeable battery inside
and Q does quote that on a full charge
is to give you 12 hours of playback well
in my tests it ran a little bit short
with that I've got ten and a half hours
of playback now the sides of the device
are completely clear the top has got the
power on/off button and the volume up
and down around the back we've got that
USB connection for charging and
synchronizing your device once it's
docked we've also got an audio in for
using with other mp3 players and then a
little stand that clicks out as well now
you can use it in this portrait mode so
let's pop the ipod in so weird of our
ipod onto the sounddock it goes behind
these two little tabs and then on to the
dock now you can put actors on which
makes fitting it a lot easier I've
chosen not to because I've been testing
this with lots of different devices but
once it's docked you can turn on the
device we've got a little LED that
lights up here just underneath here is
the infrared receiver for using with
that little handy remote control now if
i go into music playback and then i'll
just give you a listen to this at low
volume
someone was hoping you have
you
so nice that you can use the remote
controller as well and where this device
really comes into its own is that you
can actually if I go back out to the
home screen and then on to videos let's
set a video playing back so we can
actually turn the speaker on its side
and play in this former yes and this
little stand on the back actually
rotates round so it's gone from this
position to this position and then you
can set the kudos sound frame into this
landscape position and again you've got
full control over for you or pausing or
skipping and skip forwards to the next
video for example and then set that
plane so you've got full control with
the little mini remote you can use it in
this landscape position or in the
portrait position so it's great for
music or video playback the sound
quality is pretty good as well nice and
crisp though a little muddy at times to
soak those bass heavy tracks aren't
going to sound quite as good power is
rated at 2 x 2.1 watts which isn't great
but plenty loud enough reportorial
speaker now would I buy one well if it
was 20 pound cheaper and available
around about the 50 pound mark then yes
I would but this costs about 70 pounds
it just sounds a little tiny bit
expensive for the quality of the sound
that's coming out of it no us pricing
was available at the time are doing this
review so make up your own mind on this
one if you need a little portable
speaker that works in this portrait or
landscape mode and are not too fussed
about supreme sound quality then the q
does sound frame could be for you
thanks very much for listening please do
come back soon and check out more video
reviews on the geeky noise channel this
video is sponsored by my memory com for
great prices fast delivery and reliable
customer support visit my memory com